talk about steps more than monads in docs (#79)
nubank/state-flow: README.md

StateFlow is a testing framework designed to support the composition and reuse of individual test steps.

## Definitions

* A [*flow*](#flows) is a sequence of steps or bindings.
* A [*step*](#primitive-steps) is a primitive step or flow.
* A [*binding*](#bindings) is a vector of pairs of symbols and steps (or a :let with a vector of regular let-bindings)

## Flows

A flow is a sequence of steps or bindings to be executed with some state as a
reference. Use the `flow` macro to define a flow:

```clojure

> (flow <description> <primitive-step/bindings/flow>*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(flow <description> <step/bindings>*)
```

## Flows

A flow is a sequence of steps to be executed with some state as a
reference. Each step can be a primitive step ([described below](#primitive-steps)), a

> vector of bindings ([described below](#bindings)), or even a nested flow. Flows can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vector of bindings ([described below](#bindings)), or even another flow. Flows can be
```

> vector of bindings ([described below](#bindings)), or even a nested flow. Flows can be

Reviewer: Don't want to  be too nitpicky about it, but I was thinking about the following ontology:
* A flow is a sequence of steps or bindings
* A step is a primitive step or flow
* A binding is a vector of pairs of symbols and steps (or a `:let` with a vector of regular let-bindings)

Author: Be nitpicky! I think what you say is clear. I'll update.

`defflow` defines a test (using `deftest`) that when
run, will execute the flow with the parameters that we set.

`match?` produces a flow that will make a `clojure.test` assertion. It
uses the
[`nubank/matcher-combinators`](https://github.com/nubank/matcher-combinators/)
library for the actual check and failure messages. `match?` asks for:

* a string description

> * the actual value, or a step (or flow) which will produce it

Reviewer: just `step`, it is understood a step can be a flow
